code-server GA doc updates (#562)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/viewing-python-packages-installed-on-your-notebook-server-in-code-server.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="viewing-python-packages-installed-on-your-notebook-server-in-code-server_{context}"]
= Viewing Python packages installed on your notebook server in code-server

[role='_abstract']

> You can check which Python packages are installed on your notebook server and which version of the package you have by running the `pip` tool in a terminal window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check which Python packages are installed on your workbench and which version of the package you have by running the `pip` tool in a terminal window.
```
